!! Tissues by Bojan Tomic (bojan@tuta.io). This is a modification of:
!! Minimal by Philip Andersen (renegadevi@codeofmagi.net)


!!
!! Geometry
!!
menu.separator.padding.height:      10
window.client.padding.width:        0
window.handle.width:                0
padding.width:                      3


!!
!! Border colors
!!
window.active.border.color:             #546e7a
window.active.title.separator.color:    #546e7a
window.inactive.border.color:           #546e7a
window.active.client.color:             #546e7a
window.inactive.client.color:           #546e7a

!!
!! Titlebar colors
!!
window.active.label.text.color:             #ffffff
window.inactive.label.text.color:           #bbbbbb
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #ffffff

!!
!! Active Windows
!!
window.active.title.bg:             flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color:       #546e7a
window.active.*.bg.border.color:    #546e7a
window.active.label.bg:             parentrelative
window.active.button.*.bg:          parentrelative

!!
!! Inactive Windows
!!
window.inactive.title.bg:           flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color:     #546e7a
window.inactive.*.border.color:     #546e7a
window.inactive.label.bg:           parentrelative
window.inactive.button.*.bg:        parentrelative

!!
!! Menu
!!
menu.title.bg:                      flat solid
menu.title.bg.color:                #546e7a
menu.title.text.color:              #ffffff

menu.border.width:                  0

menu.separator.padding.width:       0
menu.separator.padding.height:      5
menu.separator.color:               #d4d4d4

menu.items.bg:                      flat solid
menu.items.bg.color:                #f5f5f5
menu.items.text.color:              #757575
!!menu.items.font:                    shadow=y
menu.items.active.bg:               flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color:         #dbdee0
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo:       #dbdee0
menu.items.active.text.color:       #545454

!!
!! OSD
!!
osd.bg:                             flat solid
osd.bg.color:                       #546e7a
osd.border.color:                   #546e7a
osd.hilight.bg:                     flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color:               #d9dcde
osd.label.bg:                       flat solid
osd.label.bg.color:                 #546e7a
osd.label.text.color:               #ffffff
osd.unhilight.bg:                   flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color:             #888888
